fix: Update docker.mdx to add arm64 entry to doc (#1085)
TabbyML/tabby: website/docs/faq.mdx

    <p>For details on the registry format, please refer to <a href="https://github.com/TabbyML/registry-tabby/blob/main/models.json">models.json</a></p>
  </div>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Does Tabby currently support arm64/v8 CPUs?</summary>
  <div>

>     <p>No, we don't have an official fix <b>yet</b>, however we have an experimental <a href="https://github.com/TabbyML/tabby/pull/1022/files">fix</a> available</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p>We don't officially support it yet, but we do have an experimental feature that can be accessed using the Docker command.</p>
    <p>For more context, see <a href="https://github.com/TabbyML/tabby/pull/1022/files">this pull request</a></p>
```

    <p>To use this fix:</p>
    <ol>
      <li>Clone the tabby repo</li>
      <li>Build the docker image locally with <code>--build-arg ARCHTARGET=amd64</code></li>
      <li>Run the docker image</li>
    </ol>
    <pre>
      <code>git clone https://github.com/TabbyML/tabby.git</code>
      <code>cd tabby</code>

>       <code>docker build -t tabby:latest --build-arg ARCHTARGET=amd64 .</code>

Reviewer: Not sure if this is the correct command, cc @jasonharrison

Reviewer 2: Hi @wsxiaoys and @ll931217 - thanks so much for documenting this.  

The command should be:

```bash
docker build -t tabby:latest --platform linux/arm64 .
```
https://docs.docker.com/build/building/multi-platform/#building-multi-platform-images

I successfully built a Docker image using this command as of https://github.com/TabbyML/tabby/commit/5fe0b0667afa07946e4cba1272b5c85ee03149d4 .
<img width="1507" alt="Screenshot 2023-12-19 at 22 59 11" src="https://github.com/TabbyML/tabby/assets/304383/034d3e11-08e5-4b04-b12f-734a2b1ca00c">

Author: Okay thanks @jasonharrison , let me update that quick

    <p>For details on the registry format, please refer to <a href="https://github.com/TabbyML/registry-tabby/blob/main/models.json">models.json</a></p>
  </div>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Does Tabby currently support arm64/v8 CPUs?</summary>
  <div>
    <p>We don't officially support it yet, but we do have an experimental feature that can be accessed using the Docker command.</p>
    <p>For more context, see <a href="https://github.com/TabbyML/tabby/pull/1022/files">this pull request</a></p>
    <p>To use this fix:</p>
    <ol>
      <li>Clone the tabby repo</li>
      <li>Build the docker image locally with <code>--platform linux/amd64</code></li>
      <li>Run the docker image</li>
    </ol>
    <pre>
      <code>git clone https://github.com/TabbyML/tabby.git</code>
      <code>cd tabby</code>
      <code>docker build -t tabby:latest --platform linux/amd64 .</code>

>       <code>docker run -dt -p 8080:8080 -v $HOME/.tabby:/data --name tabby tabby:latest serve --model TabbyML/StarCoder-1B</code>

Reviewer: i don't think this actually works on arm64 (with cuda), since it's built in linux/amd64, and started without passing nvidia devices
